emacs28-macport: remove (#396629)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- `virtualisation.azure.agent` option provided by `azure-agent.nix` is replaced by `services.waagent`, and will be removed in a future release.

- `matomo` now defaults to version 5 (previously available as `matomo_5`). Version 4 has been removed as it reached EOL on December 19, 2024.

- `matomo-beta` has been removed as the version of the `matomo` package can now be easily overridden through `overrideAttrs` (see [PR #374022](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/374022))

- `docker_24` has been removed, as it was EOL with vulnerabilities since June 08, 2024.

- Emacs 28 and 29 have been removed.

> - Emacs 28 Macport has been removed, while patches for CVE-2024-53920 and CVE-2025-1244 have been backported to Emacs 29 Macport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Emacs 28 Macport has been removed, while CVEs of Emacs 29 Macport are patched.
```

Seems more clear.
